[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew arrive
on the Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones
and assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
[NARRATOR] It's not long
before the Straw Hats
get pulled into the conflict,
which results in Hordy detaining
Zoro, Usopp, and Brook.
Get outta my way, Jimbei.
I won't let you
keep me here anymore.
Let me handle it. You stay put.
Shut up!
Sanji said all that cool stuff
and you still wanna fight?
If that is what it takes to
make you listen to me, yes!
[LUFFY]
What did you say?!
[HORDY groaning]
[HORDY screaming]
[HORDY]
Huh?
[chuckles] Some of Neptune's
soldiers are still alive.
[ALL gasp]
Water Shot.
[AMMO KNIGHTS screaming]
[laughing]
[LUFFY] "The Battle Is On!
At Conchcorde Plaza!"
[SEA BEAR 550A roars]
[chuckles] Captain Hordy
sure is something else!
One second, he's writhing in
agony-hhi from an overdose,
then he levels a whole town
with a flick of his wrist!
[FISHMEN gasping]
[FISHMAN A gasps]
No. Neptune's army is done for.
Every last one.
[FISHMAN D]
They didn't stand a chance.
[FISHMAN E] Hordy's too strong.
We're all done for.
[FISHMAN F]
Minister of the Right!
Minister of the Left!
King Neptune!
[FISHMAN G]
Do something!
[NEPTUNE groans]
We've wasted enough
time. Onto the plaza.
[roars]
[FISHMAN F]
No! They're taking him away!
[FISHMAN G gasps]
[roars]
[gasps]
We couldn't do anything!
[ALL groaning]
We were so close.
You're going to be okay.
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
After so long...
Please stay with us.
...we were finally
supposed to see results.
This was going to be our
year at the World Summit!
Queen Otohime!
But then they had to
come and ruin everything!
Someone help us!
Save the king!
If we don't stop them soon,
he will be executed!
Surely, someone can fight!
Look, Ma!
[FISHWOMAN B gasps]
[FISHMAN B] This is the end of
our whole country, isn't it?
[DECKEN crying]
[DECKEN LACKEY A]
C'mon, Captain. Quit blubberin'!
[DECKEN LACKEY B] Yeah,
things'll start lookin' up soon.
Just get back in the game!
Like I would ever take advice
from a couple of
losers like you!
You guys have no idea what it's
like having your heart broken!
These feelings are real!
I've wanted her
since I first saw her!
Sure, she was just a kid,
but I knew if I married her,
I could fulfill my
ancestors' dream!
But what happened instead?
[giggles]
You're just not my type!
[DECKEN]
No!
"Not my type," she said.
When the words came to my ears,
I felt my love grow.
A flawless haiku by Vander
Decken the Ninth, I suspect.
My soul. It's aching!
[sobbing]
After she rejected me,
I felt like it was time for
a change, so I cut my hair!
[sobs]
[DECKEN LACKEYS]
Why just the top?
I thought I'd kill her instead,
but I can't even get that right!
I know she's alive 'cause I can
still throw things at her!
This is that Straw Hat's fault!
[sobbing]
[DECKEN]
Huh?
Wait. That's it!
[DECKEN chuckling]
[DECKEN LACKEY A]
What's so funny?
My idea! If I can't
end her existence,
then I'll just have to
end everyone else's!
[DECKEN chuckles]
It's gonna be great! You'll see!
[DECKEN cackling]
[HORDY]
Hm?
Release our king
right now, Hordy!
Last warning!
I mean it! We will fire! [gasps]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE A chuckles]
[NEPTUNE]
Run, soldiers!
Don't throw your lives away!
It's not that easy-hhi!
Sea Bear!
[roars]
[AMMO KNIGHTS panting]
Go!
[AMMO KNIGHTS scream]
[AMMO KNIGHT D screams]
Take this, you bastard! [groans]
[AMMO KNIGHTS screaming]
[roars]
[laughing]
[SEA BEAR 550A roars]
[AMMO KNIGHTS gasping]
[laughs] About time
you got here!
I was getting sick of waiting!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE B]
We finally made it, Hyouzou.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE E]
Be careful! He will cut you!
[DOSUN]
I have arrived! At last!
[ZEO chuckles] And now there is
nowhere left for you to run.
[AMMO KNIGHTS gasp]
[FISHMAN H]
We can't get in!
They locked the entrance
to the plaza behind them!
[FISHMAN I]
King Neptune!
[FISHMAN J]
Let's scale the wall!
Maybe we can see inside!
[FISHMEN gasp]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES laughing]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES cheering]
It's settled.
That boy sure gave me a
lot of trouble, though.
[JIMBEI]
We've wasted far too much time.
We need to be on our
way now, Princess.
[SHIRAHOSHI gasps]
Okay!
[JIMBEI] We're leaving
Hachi in your care, Camie!
[CAMIE]
Uh, right!
Let us make haste, Megalo!
[MEGALO]
Shaa!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES laughing]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE F] I thought
you soldiers were supposed to
protect this country!
[NEPTUNE]
My men.
[AMMO KNIGHT H groaning]
Damn you, Hordy!
[ZEO]
Look alive, boys.
That soldier's up to something.
[DARUMA laughs]
You think so?
Looks like he's
packin' dynamite!
He's gonna blow everyone up with
some kind of suicide attack!
[IKAROS laughs]
But if he does that, I'm gonna
turn into roasted squid!
[AMMO KNIGHT H] The three
princes should get here soon,
but I can take out at least
one of you before they do!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE G]
Oh, no! Look out!
Water Shot.
[NEPTUNE gasps]
[FISHMEN gasp]
[FISHMAN K]
What the crap?
How far can it go?
[MERO gasps]
You hear that?
Huh?
[MERO] That whistling
sound. What is it?
[FISHWOMEN gasp]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE D]
Hey, am I crazy?
I was under the impression the
Water Shot wasn't that strong.
I know it took a lot of Energy
Steroid to get that tough,
but still, that was incredible!
[ZEO] We never anticipated it
changing your hair color
or increasing your muscle
mass so greatly, though.
How are you feeling, Captain?
Couldn't be better.
[HORDY]
Hm?
[NEPTUNE]
Huh?
[FISHMEN cheering]
What happened here?
[RYUBOSHI growls]
Why didn't the soldiers
wait for us to help them?
[FUKABOSHI gasps]
[NEPTUNE]
Fukaboshi! Ryuboshi! Mamboshi!
Don't underestimate them.
Both their ranks and
their sea monsters
have been empowered by a drug!
[RYUBOSHI]
Now it makes sense.
On an even playing field,
Neptune's army would
never lose a sortie-do!
It's time to mambo! Ready?
[FISHMEN gasp]
[HORDY chuckles]
Why don't you understand?
You're all so pathetic!
You New Fishman Pirates
are just a bunch of cowards!
The other islanders let go
of their hurt feelings
brought on by the
humans' discrimination.
And despite the fact that humans
murdered their hero
and their queen,
they're willing to forgive them.
Even after all of
their suffering,
they still signed their names,
because they want to
change the future!
Your Highness!
Prince Fukaboshi!
What you do undermines
their efforts!
Can't you recognize
their bravery?
You're kidding me, right?
Don't mistake their
kindness for courage.
It gives the humans another
excuse to take advantage of us!
[SEA ANIMALS roar]
[FUKABOSHI yells]
[FUKABOSHI]
Spear of the Ages!
[MANBOSHI]
Seven Great Treasures!
[RYUBOSHI]
Dragon Tower Gate!
[FISHMEN] The princes
beat the sea monsters!
There's hope after all!
[FUKABOSHI] You seek
revenge not for justice,
but because of your
own personal hatred!
I won't let you
take the king's life,
nor the island his
citizens call home.
You will never have
the Ryugu Kingdom!
[FISHMEN cheering]
[FISHMAN L]
We're saved!
We should've known we could
count on the princes!
So you beat some sea monsters.
Do you think that means
you've claimed victory?
We will never be defeated,
because we've been granted
a power that is absolute.
And with that power,
we will rule this country
the way it was
always meant to be!
The future of this
country is peace!
Peace with the humans and peace
without monsters like you!
If we don't triumph here,
we'll have failed and it
will be hundreds of years
before we have another shot at
friendship with the human world!
[HORDY]
Oh, is that a fact? Heh.
Well, then the winners
of this fight
will rule this country.
They look stronger!
[ALL grunt]
[FUKABOSHI gasps]
What? But how?
[ZEO]
Too slow.
[FUKABOSHI yells]
[RYUBOSHI screams]
[MANBOSHI yells]
[DOSUN grunts]
[gasps]
[yells]
[FISHMEN gasp]
Time is running short, Megalo!
[MEGALO]
Shaa!
Be safe, Father.
We'll be there soon.
He's going to be fine!
I promise you, Princess!
[PRINCES groaning]
This drug of yours is
fearsome indeed, Hordy.
[laughing]
[NARRATOR] Shirahoshi and Jimbei
hurry to Conchcorde Plaza
to free King Neptune,
but their rescue plan
is cut short by a trap.
With the royal family
now captured,
Hordy reveals a schocking truth
about the history
of his revolution.
While the island is
seized with despair,
Vander Decken does
something rash.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Surprising Confession!
The Truth Behind the
Assassination of Otohime!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!